demisto/etc#23067 Improving unclear error messages (#387)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
* Fixed a bug in the **unify** command when output path was provided empty.
* Improved error message for integration with no tests configured

> * Missing release notes message will now show the release notes file path to update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Missing release notes message are now showing the release notes file path to update.
```

> * unified yml files will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue in the **validate** command in which unified YAML files were not ignored.
```

> * Fix suggestions will be in the relevant file format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* File format suggestions are now shown in the relevant file format (JSON or YAML).
```
